# utoipa - Autogenerate OpenAPI documentation

Want to document your utopic api? Want it to feel as fuzzy as cold ipa? You are then probably in need of utoipa.  

Utoipa crate provides autogenerated OpenAPI documentation for Rust REST apis. It aims to ease out and simplify the 
REST api documentation by using the code first aproach. It contains Rust implementation of OpenAPI spec and it allows 
users to write their API code without feeling anxious of the documentation by doing the heavy lifting behind the scenes 
with help of macros.

## Current project status

**This project is currently in active development and not ready for PRODUCTION use!** 

It is yet to be released to crates later on when the api and the functionalities mature enough for wider scale adoption. 

Goal|Status
-|-
Necessary subset implementation of OpenAPI spec in Rust| :heavy_minus_sign: Some definitions missing
Macros for autogenerating documentation | :x: In development and experiment
Embed Swagger UI for OpenAPI documentation | :heavy_check_mark: Done
Embed ReDocly for OpenAPI documentation | :x: Not done 
Integration with Actix web framework | :x: In development
Integration with Rocker framework | :x: Not done
Write exessive documentation & Book & Examples | :x: Not done
At least 90 % tested code | :x: Still ongoing along with the other development

Integration with other frameworks are not planned as of this stage but when the intial set of features are complete
the integrations with other frameworks can be prioritized.

# License

Licensed under either of [Apache 2.0](LICENSE-APACHE) or [MIT](LICENSE-MIT) license at your option.

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in this crate by you, shall be dual licensed, without any additional terms or conditions. 
